

                          ABSTRACT FOR PATIENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

Receptionist:

This Patient Management System Project includes registration of patients, storing their details into the system. This software has the facility to give an unique id of every patient and store the details of every patient automatically. It includes a search facility to know the details of patient and delete facility to delete the patient details. The receptionist can be entered using a username and password(Which is default and it is stored in the database “receplogin” username- admin and password – admin123).
It is accessible by the receptionist. Only they can add data into the database. The data can be retrieved easily. The interface is very user friendly. The data are well protected for personal use and makes the data processing very fast.

Doctor :
Doctor must register their details and there is a registration form for them. After make their registration they should use the username they mentioned in the registration form and password generated to them for login purpose. After login they mention the doctor id and time to get the patient details to give the treatment to them. 

Databases and table used in this project :

1) doctorregistration database is to register the doctor details.
Table name used under this database is – Table1
2) receplogin database is to confirm the username and password.
Table name used under this database is - Table1
3) regpatient database is to register the patient details and to fix an appointment.
Table name used under this database is - Table1 
 
Software used in this project:

Front End : Visual Studio 2010
Back End : MS Access

                        
                         Payroll Management System PHP Project
                           
                           
This PHP Project is based on Open Payroll management system. This Payroll system is used to manage employee information efficiently, define the deductions, tax etc. generate pay-slip at the convenience of a mouse click generate and manage the payroll processes according to the salary structure assigned to the employee.

The administrator can login with the username admin123 and password admin. After login home page will be shown for them.  Then they can add the employee details, update, delete  the employee details. They can update the deduction, allowances, incentive to the employee. 
And finally admin generate the pay slip for the employee. The employee can view the employee details by their username and password. The username and password for the employee are their employee id only. After login the employee can view the payslip which is generated by administrator and they can print the pay slip but clicking the print button.


Functions of this Payroll Management System

	The program accepts details of new employee
	The program computes net pay
	The program record all the payroll data for subsequent processing
	The program should prepare pay cheques
	The program should maintain data on a sequential payroll file
	Non-statutory deductions such as union dues and pension plans to be made

Modules of This Project

	Addition of New employee 
	Updation of Employee details
	Deletion of Employee details
	Deductions & Incentives
	Allowances
	Salary Slip Generation

Brief overview of the technology:

Front end: HTML, CSS, JavaScript
1.HTML: HTML is used to create and save web document. E.g. EditPlus3
2.CSS : (Cascading Style Sheets) Create attractive Layout
3.JavaScript: it is a programming language, commonly use with web browsers.

Back end: PHP, MySQL
1.PHP: Hypertext Pre Processor (PHP) is a technology that allows software developers to create dynamically generated web pages, in HTML, XML, or other document types, as per client request. PHP is open source software.
2.MySQL: MySQL is a database, widely used for accessing querying, updating, and managing data in databases.

Software Requirement:
  WAMP Server



                            ABSTRACT FOR SHUFFLE GAME
                              
In this shuffle game, There is a registration form for users. They have to register first to play the game. All the details of the users are stored in the database “reg” including the password
After registration they have to use the username they mentioned in the name field and password generated to them for login. They can play the game after login. There is a set of 15 numbers in the shuffled form. They have to rearrange the number in ascending order correctly. There is a shuffle menu for them to shuffle the numbers and exit menu to exit the game. This project is just to entertain the users.

Databases and table used in this project :

1) reg database is to register the user details.
Table name used under this database is – Table1

Software used in this project:

Front End : Visual Studio 2010
Back End : MS Access

